naming advice around `inj` and `ext` (#60)
leanprover-community/leanprover-community.github.io: templates/contribute/naming.md

check le_of_mul_le_mul_right
```

## Naming of structural lemmas ##

We are trying to standardize certain naming patterns for structural lemmas.
At present these are not uniform across mathlib.

### Extensionality ###

> A lemma of the form `(∀ a, a ∈ s₁ ↔ a ∈ s₂) → s₁ = s₂` should be named `.ext`,

Reviewer: We also have `∀ x, f x = g x` as a common assumption for `@[ext]`.

Author: ```suggestion
A lemma of the form `(∀ x, f x = g x) → f = g` should be named `.ext`,
```

and labelled with the `@[ext]` attribute.
Often this type of lemma can be generated automatically by putting the

> `@[ext]` attribute on a structure.

Reviewer: AFAIK `@[ext]` uses projections while quite often `ext` lemmas should use coercions.

Author: Good point. I will make this explicit.

> Often this type of lemma can be generated automatically by putting the
> `@[ext]` attribute on a structure.

Author: ```suggestion
Often this type of lemma can be generated automatically by putting the
`@[ext]` attribute on a structure.
(However an automatically generated lemma will always be written in terms
of the structure projections, and often there is a better statement,
e.g. using coercions, that should be written by hand then marked with `@[ext]`.)

```

> A lemma of the form `s₁ = s₂ ↔ ∀ a, a ∈ s₁ ↔ a ∈ s₂` should be named `.ext_iff`.

Author: ```suggestion
A lemma of the form `f = g ↔ ∀ x, f x = g x` should be named `.ext_iff`.
```
